---
layout: post
project: True
title: Web Projects
date: 2018-09-03
excerpt: "Some web projects for friends or clients or myself"
tag:
- Wordpress
- web-development
- aws
- google-cloud
comments: true
feature: /assets/img/nicounderdesk.jpg
published: false
---


The web pages I show in here are made using templates on top of WordPress, Jekyll or any other CMS that I find better.
Some are gonna be using e-commerce functionality or simply personal blogs, others are just for fun.
This is mostly placed in here as a portfolio so I can grow and get more clients, or for a potential employer to review if I meet their company standards.

In the other hand I would like to be capable of managing multiple web server instances on AWS and Google cloud, make a proper infrastructure that can be scaled so new projects can be added with ease and can be updated and maintained without hassle for a long time.
If I succeed at making that, my owns sites will also benefit from it, and maybe, at some point it will create a stable income.

I am not by any means a senior or a expert on web development, I am self taught and always learning. All I have worked in the field was as an implementation engineer and front end developer for staff augmentation agencies for about 3 years, which taught me a lot about about cloud computing, its potential and its benefits.
But I have yet to master it.
I am now a systems technician and my knowledge on web technologies is rusting, which I cannot allow.
I think I have learned and bettered at making efficient and secure websites that can be cheap and realiable. That is a good begining, I think.

Of course there are better and more automated web hosting providers with full staff that can support your website needs better, so I appreciate the trust deposited on my by these folks.

For instance, for this page you are visiting right now, I host it on github pages, and pay $14 on the domain by Namecheap per year. That's it. No traffic fees, almost never down, real fast, great support.

If you have any feedback on my work, feel free to leave a comment and I will make sure to address the constructive ones or any error I have not seen.

